having them around you're checking out
juniors for free hey what's going on
everybody this is JR you are checking
out the sport brief now I'm a little bit
sleepy and I don't think this next topic
is gonna help me stay awake by any means
and I'm talking about the major league
baseball home run derby such prolific
homerun hitters like Hanley Ramirez Nick
Swisher of the New York Yankees Chris
Young of the Arizona Diamondbacks and
yes even guys like Corey Hart Miguel
Cabrera I think he has like 22 home runs
I even think Big Papi David Ortiz is
going to be down and here's my question
does anybody even really still care
about the major league baseball home run
derby I know how people feel about the
all-star game a little bit I don't think
anybody cares but the home run derby
this used to be the highlight of I guess
you could call it the Monday and Tuesday
for Major League Baseball I mean used to
send guys out there give them some
steroids in the back and say look Mark
McGwire look Sammy Sosa go out there and
hit some home runs for the fans do it
for the fans I think it was even
exciting a few years ago when Josh
Hamilton up the Texas Rangers he put out
Yankee Stadium in style I think he
bashed like 25 plus home runs in the old
Yankee Stadium before they closed it and
now I know Corey Hart this man box I
know David Ortiz box I know these guys
are homerun hitters but Hanley Ramirez
Nick Swisher I mean Robinson Cano wanted
to play but the Yankee said look man you
are not getting involved with that not
the way you're playing this year and I'm
pretty sure a lot of you even remember
Bobby Abreu a few years ago participated
and this man forgotten what a power
swing is bottom line is I wouldn't be
surprised if some guy went out there and
decided to mash up some homeruns tonight
but do you even care won't you watch and
depending on when you watching this did
you watch and did anybody mention up
because quite frankly I could care less
I think I'll go and hang out in Harlem
at Rucker Park
tonight forget the home run derby I'm
gonna see what's poppin at the EBC let
me know about the home run derby do you
even care
hit me up jealous for beef at gmail.com
go find me on Twitter go find me on
Facebook I won't be commenting on this
thing tomorrow probably around the whole
star game let me know what you think I'm
out TBC Rucka Harlem peace greetings
merry bitch I'm looking for 3 broski's
Oh